♪
[SHINOZAKI] I work for a Santa
who's so small and cute.
We've got a lot of presents
to deliver this year!
Let's do our best for the kids!
Right!
Here we go.
We're almost there.
-Just a little more.
[SHINOZAKI] -It's as big as her.
Hmmm!
[SHINOZAKI]
Hey, Santa?
Mind sharing that joy?
[gasps]
What's gotten into you
all of a sudden?
Silly reindeer!
I know today is
our busiest day of the year,
but let's try not to overdo it,
okay?
Can't share joy
if you don't have enough energy.
-Santa?
-Yes, what?
While I do appreciate the hug,
I wasn't asking for one.
I was offering to carry
some of the presents.
Aaah!
Oh no, I'm so sorry for that!
No, it's fine.
It was a
simple misunderstanding!
[SHINOZAKI] Mistake or not,
I just got a hug from Santa!
[SHIORI]
I'm so embarrassed,
but he said it's fine
and it's Christmas.
Are you okay?
Yes, just thinking about
yuletide cheer!
[laughs]
A very Merry Christmas,
one and all!
[gasps]
What was that?
-[chimes]
-Huh?
[AKINA]
Dreams can be weird, huh?
[SHINOZAKI]
How does he know about it?
[AKINA] Oh, my!
This is quite the turnout!
I'm sorry.
You probably have better things
you could be doing today.
Not a thing!
So, why not help out a friend?
Besides, I helped draw
your doujinshi.
Of course I'd help you sell it.
Well, I can't argue with that.
Hmm! I wish I could though.
[snoring]
I know what that sigh
means. Manga pains?
The deadline's in two days.
I asked my artist friends
if they could help,
but they were all too busy.
I'm sorry. That sounds rough.
[AKINA]
Rough, you say?
Oh, dear. How so?
It's really not that bad!
[laughing]
[screams]
It's an outside of work thingy.
I'm happy to help in
any way I can!
Thank you, but I'm not sure
how qualified you are
to help me.
[SHIORI]
You'd be surprised.
He was qualified enough
to draw this
in-store installation
template for us.
No way?
Are you on a new game plus?
I don't believe I am.
Okay. Are you hearing me?
Loud and clear, ma'am!
And did you get the link to
the cloud folder I sent to you?
I sure did!
All right.
Could you please work on pages
sixteen through twenty-two?
I sure can! And could you check
my work as I finish each page?
Yeah, that's fine.
[HAYAKAWA] I wasn't sure
about working with a normie
on an eighteen-plus book,
but if I do all the spicy scenes
it should be fine.
[AKINA] I have to say,
I'm very impressed, Hayakawa.
Huh?
This is incredible!
And to think you made it all
from scratch.
Hmm! It's kind of you
to say that.
[HAYAKAWA] But considering this
is a BL doujinshi
of an already existing property,
I wouldn't call it
"from scratch".
I just finished my first page!
Tell me what you think!
Wow, he's fast.
Nice work!
Except you should have told me
I accidentally gave you
a spicy scene to work on!
Hmm!
You know what,
this has been a lot of fun!
Our first joint
creative project.
And now there's a new hot
and heavy BL in the world.
It's the product of our love!
For my sanity's sake,
please stop talking about it
like it's a baby!
Here's hoping our love product
will sell like hotcakes!
Now I'm starting to think
that sounds like
a more fitting title for it.
[chuckles]
[HARUNA]
Is that Chika, IRL?
Hey, how have you been?
I haven't seen you in forever.
Hey Haruna! I've been doing
pretty good since last summer.
So, I can see.
How do you do?
-Boyfriend!
-What? No!
He's from work!
I told you I needed help
finishing my doujinshi
and he stepped up!
Oh! You guys must work
well together then. Really well.
Why do you say it like that?
What's this?
Excuse me miss,
but is that charm Hime-chan
from the Kimihime-chan anime?
A man of culture?
How did you get into it?
On the recommendation of someone
whose opinion I trust highly!
My girl here.
[laughs]
Yup, boyfriend!
I keep telling you
that's not true!
[NEWS ANCHOR 1]
Good night everyone
and have a happy new year!
[beeps]
[SHIORI]
This year is almost over.
It's not weird if I call him
on New Year's, right?
[NEWS ANCHOR 2] We're back
covering one of the cities'
biggest annual events.
Once again, the hall
is full of excited fans.
[SHINOZAKI] That's weird.
Who'd be calling this late?
[REPORTER] What did you think
of the event? Is this live?
[SHINOZAKI]
Is this happening right now?
Senpai's really calling me?
[HAYAKAWA]
Don't say that on TV!
[SHINOZAKI] Of course,
I can't believe I forgot!
We exchanged contact info
over Christmas!
I am the luckiest man alive!
-[ringing]
-Or wait. Gotta answer first.
Yes, hi. Shinozaki speaking.
Sorry I took so long to answer.
I'm at my parents'
and it's been busy.
Oh, is everything okay?
I can call you back if need be.
No, no, I can talk now!
So, what's up?
I just wanted to call and say
thank you for everything you did
this past year.
Thank me, but why?
Because!
You've made such amazing
improvements over the past year.
It's been a joy to see you grow.
You've even helped me
do better too.
[sighs]
[SHINOZAKI] Really?
I kinda felt like a nuisance
more than anything.
Don't you know?
When your senpai calls you to
thank you for a job well done,
then you can just say
"Go me!". Okay, now say it.
Well, if that's the case
then I guess go me?
That's right,
you take that compliment!
Oh? Did I just sneak in one last
abuse of authority
before the year was over?
[SHINOZAKI] I hope she keeps
abusing her authority
into the next year
and every year after!
And hey, one last thing.
Of all the kohais I could've
had, I'm glad I have you.
Me too! But in reverse.
[gasps]
I, um.
I'm glad I have you as a senpai.
You're the only one
I could ever want.
Huh!
[HAYAKAWA]
Anyway,
I'm looking forward to another
year of working together!
[SHIORI] Yeah, same.
Let's keep up the good work.
[chimes]
[AKINA] I sensed something.
You should go to the Hatsumode
Manager?
[SHINOZAKI]
It could be fun.
Especially
if Senpai came along too.
Maybe I should invite her.
Uh!
My little bro
has a girlfriend now?
What?
What could've possibly given you
that extremely wrong impression?
Well, how else do you explain
that cute getup you've got on?
Hey! It was a gift from
my senpai at work.
Your senpai? At work?
Um. What is happening?
A lady senpai?
Well, she is a woman.
Hold on,
I know what you're thinking.
It's not like that in any way!
So it's true. At long last my
little brother's found a woman.
[SHINOZAKI]
Are you even listening?
[SHIORI] My Tiny Senpai
will be right back
after this cat nap. Meow!
Shinozaki invited me to
Hatsumode this year.
I wonder what I should wear
to the shrine.
[SHINOZAKI] One of my superiors
at work, my Senpai.
Is a small and cute cat!
Senpai, please speak to me!
What's going on here?
What happened to you?
Don't tell me you've
been abandoned.
Meow, meow, meow!
Meow, meow, meow, meow!
[SHINOZAKI]
Oh, my goodness.
She's so cute.
Like so, so damn cute!
Um, can I pat your head, Senpai?
Meow!
-Meow!
-Huh!
[humming]
Argh! I am dead.
I am completely dead.
I have been killed by
unbridled cuteness!
[humming]
Oh! Ah!
Meow meow. Meow meow meow!
♪
[SHINOZAKI]
My cause of death was cuteness.
The box says "please adopt me"
but I can't!
If I take something
as adorable as her home.
My body would never be
able to handle it.
Huh?
Meow?
[gasps]
What are you doing, Senpai?
Meow!
While it's true that humans
and cats are both animals,
there are just some lines
that must never be crossed!
[SHIORI]
Meow.
[gasps]
Meow. Meow.
Huh!
[SHINOZAKI] I can't believe
that was my first dream
of the new year.
[chimes]
[AKINA]
Dreams can be weird, huh?
[SHINOZAKI]
Come on!
[SHIORI]
I just woke up
and somehow
I've been turned into a cat!
I'm no veterinarian,
but that should be impurrsible.
And why does this box say,
"adopt me"?
Did someone abandon meow?
-[SHINOZAKI] What's this?
-Meow! Meow!
An abandoned cat?
[SHIORI] Huh!
What's Shinozaki doing here?
Aaah! Help me!
I've been turned into a cat
and I don't know how or why!
Would it be all right
if I touch you?
Meow?
This is my kohai from work,
and he just asked if he could
give me scritches.
I should be su-purr embarrassed.
Instead, I feel something
different.
It's this urge deep inside me.
I, I don't know
if I can hold back.
Huh!
[SHIORI]
I can't resist it any-meow-or!
Pet me, please!
Give me all the scritches!
I cat believe what I'm doing.
I shouldn't want to do it.
But I cat resist!
What do you say?
Does kitty want some pets?
Nice kitty.
[gasps]
That's purr-fect.
Shinozaki's hand
is feline so nice.
[SHIORI]
Yeah!
[SHINOZAKI] Does it feel good
when I touch you there?
[SHIORI] Uh!
You gotta be kitten me!
Saying it like that makes it
sound paw-sitively naughty!
But then, it does feel good.
Shinozaki.
I don't want you to stop.
Don't stop petting me.
Even when I'm not a cat.
Well, that was certainly
a crazy way to start off
the new year.
[chimes]
[AKINA]
Dreams can be weird, huh?
How does he know about it?
[YUTAKA] I'm Yutaka Shinozaki,
an office worker.
And my brother's been very
suspicious since he came home.
[laughs]
I've got big plans tomorrow.
Oh, how nice.
Are you meeting someone?
Someone from work.
My bangs are getting too long
and now I don't have any time
for a haircut.
There's no doubt about it.
He's got himself a girl!
Strap in, little bro.
It's time to give
you a pop quiz.
I feel like I should be worried.
[YUTAKA] You're walking down
a road, living your life,
when suddenly three animals
are in front of you.
If you could give rubbies
to one of them,
which would it be?
Like belly rubs?
[YUTAKA]
A. A clever pupper.
Okay?
[YUTAKA]
B. A nubile cougar.
Why is that even an option?
[YUTAKA]
Or C. A widdle kitty.
Urgh! I guess I'd go with C?
- Meow.
[whimpers]
[YUTAKA]
Well, dear brother,
it appears this mystery woman
of yours is the kitty type.
Now, how would you describe
the kitty before you?
Why is there more?
[YUTAKA]
A. She is fluffy.
B. She's meow-meow-ey.
I'm pretty sure every
cat goes "meow".
[YUTAKA]
C. She is smiley.
What kind of cat is gonna smile?
Whatever.
I guess she's fluffy, meowy,
and smiley.
Hmm!
[YUTAKA] Interesting. My brother
found himself a fluffy-wuffy,
meow-meow-ey,
smiley-wily kitty type of girl.
The investigation must continue!
I need to see how fluffy-wuffy,
meow-meow-ey,
smiley-wily this woman truly is!
She's here.
-Hey, Senpai!
-[SHIORI] Hi, Shinozaki!
♪
[SHIORI]
And a happy New Year to you.
I look forward to working
with you more this year.
[SHINOZAKI]
So, adorable.
I'm looking forward to it too.
It's one of the best
parts of the job.
[SHIORI]
Shinozaki.
Meow!
Uh!
[SHINOZAKI]
Senpai.
[licking]
[BOTH] I haven't seen him since
I had that dream. So awkward.
It looks like we're in for
another sweet,
candy-coated year!
Manager? What in the world
are you talking about?
Oh, you know what I mean.
Not me. What's a "candy-coated
year"?
[YUTAKA]
There she is.
My brother's itty bitty kitty
mystery woman.
How is she all those things
and more?
I didn't think it was possible
for a creature
that cute to exist!
Her hair is fluffy and wuffy!
And she's meow-meow-ey,
and her smile
is so smiley-wily too!
[panting]
[ALL gasp]
[screams]
Yes. I approve of this.
Step away from the senpai!
Relax, this is just a routine
background check.
Huh!
You know Shinozaki?
Are you family or friend?
Sister and sorry for
pouncing on you.
My name's Shiori Katase.
Your brother and I work on
the same team over at Sunpick.
[gasps]
Uh!
Self-control, please!
Yep, that's his sister.
The same as ever.
You mean this is normal?
Oh yeah, she's always like this
when she's around tiny
and cute things.
I see!
Do you think Mom would
let me keep her?
She is not a pet!
[AKINA]
Hello, Shinozaki's sister.
Meow! Who's this?
He's our manager at the office.
[YUTAKA]
Oh hey, Chika.
Nice to meet you.
So, you're my brother's boss?
Bingo you hit the nail
on the head.
You know he and Katase are
such a great pair.
I can honestly say
that I've never seen
a more excellent work duo
in my life.
Shinozaki's thorough but overly
cautious approach to his work
is a perfect match
for Katase's dynamic
and supportive authoritative
style.
But it goes far beyond their
contributions
as they also help create
a positive work environment.
Okay?
[AKINA]
May I have your name?
It's Yutaka.
Yutaka.
Do you have any siblings?
Aside from your brother?
No, I don't. It's always just
been the one little brother.
And if you could have had
another sibling,
what kind would you want?
I see. That's easy.
A sister. Ideally a younger one
who's as cute and fluffy as her.
Well then, that could happen
if your brother marries her.
[gasps]
[SHIORI]
Big sister!
[YUTAKA]
Little sister!
[SHIORI]
Big sister!
You're right! This is happening.
There. When's the wedding?
Uh!
[sighs]
Just go home!
A spring wedding would be nice,
but I'd prefer it
if you eloped today.
We're not toys for you
to play out your fantasies with!
Matrimony Beam. Go!
Stop it! That's not a thing!
All right, you've had your fun.
Now knock it off.
What?
You should know better though.
Who? Me?
I'm sorry about all that.
My sister can be really rude
when she's like this.
Thanks, but it's fine.
It's nice seeing how well
the two of you get along.
Is that what it looks like?
'Cause it doesn't always feel
like we do.
We're usually both
into the same kinds of things
and that caused a whole lot
of fights growing up.
[SHIORI] They're both
into the same things?
[gasps]
Oh, I uh didn't realize that.
So, when you say you're both
into the same kinds of things,
that must mean.
[SHINOZAKI]
Oh, um.
[BOTH sigh]
[BOTH]
Hey, you two!
You're gonna pick me
to give the big speech
or whatever at
the wedding, right?
You should pick me!
I'm the groom's sister,
so it should be me!
I'm the groom
and the bride's boss.
-It should be me!
-No, it's me!
No, me!
-Family trumps everything.
-That's so old-fashioned!
[YUTAKA]
That speech is mine!
[AKINA]
I very much disagree!
[HAYAKAWA] Oh, that's great,
now there're two of them.
-You two, decide!
-What are we deciding on?
[sighs]
Now that I think about it,
did Yutaka ever go that crazy
over you?
Uh!
Oh, I am in no way small
or cute enough for her
to ever react to me
like she did with Katase.
Oh!
Hm!
Well, I think you're small
and cute enough
to go crazy over.
[gasps]
Manager, that's uh.
I'm thinking we print Shiorin's
face on these cute plates
and give them away
as wedding favors.
[SHIORI]
I'm "Shiorin" now?
[SHINOZAKI]
What about my face?
You don't matter.
[SHINOZAKI]
That's just mean!
Why not let your guests
pick from a catalog?
[SHINOZAKI] Could you please
stop putting ideas in her head?
[HAYAKAWA] Urgh!
That's quite enough of that!
[BOTH]
Okay, fine.
Come on.
How about we all go and enjoy
the shrine together now?
[SHINOZAKI]
Sounds like a plan.
I wonder what food stalls
they have.
[HAYAKAWA]
No, thank you.
[AKINA]
You wanna put cat ears on?
[HAYAKAWA]
Absolutely not! I said no!
[SHIORI]
Ooh, cotton candy!